Change the default log level of tiflash (#15961) (#15990)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

    advertise-status-addr = The external access address of status-addr. If it is left empty, "status-addr" is used by default.

[logger]

>     ## log level (available options: "trace", "debug", "info", "warn", "error"). The default value is "info".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## log level (available options: "trace", "debug", "info", "warn", "error"). Starting from v6.5.7, the default value of this configuration item changes from "debug" to "info".
```
